<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/113/" target="_blank">2.1.25 - Maintain Material Type Information</a> - Provides an end-user interface for the data maintenance of material type information.


**Use Case(s)**

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/10/" target="_blank">UC1.1</a> - The Nuclear Materials Analyst maintains the Authority Reference static data by adding, updating, and/or deleting data records.

**System Requirement(s)**

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/389/" target="_blank">AUSCR34</a>  - The NMMSS users shall have the capability to manually enter, edit and search for material type information. The following information will be included for material types: material type ID, material type name, classification flag, assay range (material, lower limit, upper limit, average), data applicability (transactions, inventory, inventory data assay, assay weight percent), weight column titles (element, isotope, weight % units), composition code special use code, material asset type, reference number, and inventory report heading.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/390/" target="_blank">AUBSN24 </a> - Code assigned to nuclear materials reported to NMMSS




- AUBSN25 - Free text material name

- AUBSN27 - Associated generic material type code

- AUBSN28 - N/A; Grams; Kilograms; Micrograms

- AUBSN29 - N/A; Grams; Kilograms; Micrograms

- AUBSN34 - Nearest Whole Unit; To the nearest 10th ; To the nearest 100th

- AUBSN35 - Nearest Whole Unit; To the nearest 10th ; To the nearest 100th

- AUBSN40 - Applicable; Not Applicable

- AUBSN41 - Applicable; Not Applicable

- AUBSN42 - Material Type: Inventory Data Assay (weight %) Applicability (UESA): Applicable; Not Applicable (or any applicable data currently listed in the Authority Reference static data table.)

- AUBSN43 -

- AUBSN44 -

- AUBSN45 -

- AUBSN47 - Title of element weight column used for report generation.

- AUBSN48 - Title of isotope weight column used for report generation.

- AUBSN49 - Title for weight percent units column used for report generation.

- AUBSN50 - Additional heading narrative for some reports.

- AUBSN51 - Composition Code for uranium-235 when reported as cascades.

- AUBSN52 - Code assigned by the financial organization corresponding to the NMMSS material types.

- AUBSN53 - Cross reference number indicating the relative position of the material codes for validating other data elements with respect to material type, e.g. composition code./Applicable, Not Applicable, Not Permitted/ Applicable, Not Applicable, Not Permitted/

- AUBSN54 - Material Type, Assay (weight %) Applicability: Not required but permitted; Required; Not permitted (or any applicable data currently listed in the Authority Reference static data table.)