<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/135/" target="_blank">2.1.46 - Maintain RIS Information</a> - Provides an end-user interface for the data maintenance of RIS information.



**Use Case(s)**

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/10/" target="_blank">UC1.1</a> - The Nuclear Materials Analyst maintains the Authority Reference static data by adding, updating, and/or deleting data records.

**System Requirement(s)**

- AUSCR39 - The NMMSS users shall have the capability to manually enter, edit and search for RIS information. The following information will be included for RIS: RIS code, short name, facility name, city, state, zip, reports classification codes (for transaction, inventory, material status), RIS category, reporting status (for COEIMSR data, transaction data), facility operation type, financial organization, foreign facility information (year in operation, status, output capacity, dimension code, plant type) and RIS type flag.

- AUBSN 1 - Alpha Code assigned to the facility.

- AUBSN2 - Free text name.

- AUBSN3 - Unclassified,CNSI,CRD,SNSI,SRD

- AUBSN4 - Unclassified,CNSI,CRD,SNSI.SRD

- AUBSN5 - Unclassified,CNSI,CRD,SNSI,SRD

- AUBSN7 - P = Power reactor; N = Non-power Reactor; D = Reactor, deactivated; M = Uranium mining, open pit, underground, in situ; L = Conventional uranium milling; S = Storage; W = Waste disposal; F = Fabrication; C = Converter; E =Enrichment; G = Graphite; I = Instrumentation; H =Heavy water; O = Special; R = Reprocessing; = Unknown

- AUBSN8 - C = Contractor (A-Q series & Symbol RAA) excluding all DOD and Uranium enrichment Plants; L = Domestic/Commercial Licensees Accounts (X,Y, Z series excluding financial only accounts) and Supply Agreement (T series); D = Major branches of DOD (QZ RIS’s with third character A-E); T = Uranium Enrichment activity; U = International Account Uranium Enrichment sites (no longer used); I = Foreign sites ( four character R RIS’s); V = Contractor Operated Burial Sites ( V RIS with last character A-K); W = Commercial Licensee Operated Burial Sites ( V RIS with last character L-Z); S = Foreign Storage Control Accounts ( S RIS’s); Z = Licensee Facilities with Financial Significance Only (specially identified RIS’s in X,Y,Z series) These are only valid for the For/To accounts on 741 form.; R = Foreign Facilities with Financial Significance Only (specially identified RIS’s in R series) These are only valid for the For/To accounts on 741 form.; M = Specific Military Installation Sites- (Q RIS with second character of L); 9 = Mutual Defense RIS ( QZF, QZG, Section 91 C Material)

- AUBSN12 - A = Active; H = Historical - Prior to NMMSS data collection; M = Active, reports monthly COEI data cycle; D = Deactivated; X = Not applicable

- AUBSN13 - A = Active; D = Deactivated; H = Historical - Prior to NMMSS data collection; Y = Financial use only and active; N = Financial use only no longer active; X = Not applicable

- AUBSN17 - Contains the U.S. Post Office city for foreign countries or the physical city location for domestic sites.

- AUBSN18 - Contains the state that is associated with the site if applicable.

- AUBSN19 - Contains the zip code for the site./ Contains the Country that is associated with

- AUBSN21 - Assigned by the IAEA and used primarily for U.S.- IAEA INFCIRC/288 and 207 Reporting and data validation.

- AUBSN22 - The code representing the country where the IAEA MBA is located.