<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/128/" target="_blank">2.1.39 - Generate International Nuclear Facility Codes Report (D-015)</a> - This function produces a formatted report of information concerning foreign nuclear facilities. The first section is organized alphabetically by plant name within each country, while the second section is organized alphabetically by fuel type code within each country.


**Use Case(s)**

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/119/" target="_blank">UC1.2</a> - The Nuclear Material Analyst executes an Authority Reference report.

**System Requirement(s)**

- AURPT8 - The NMMSS shall be able to produce an international nuclear facility codes report (D-015) which will provide information concerning foreign nuclear facilities. The report will be divided into two sections. The first section will be organized alphabetically by plant name within each country, while the second section will be organized alphabetically by fuel type code within each country. In the international nuclear facility codes report, the following information will be provided: facility name, fuel type code, facility RIS, location, output capacity, current status, year in operation, general notes, and International Atomic Energy foreign facility codes.

- ITRPT1 - The NMSS shall provide a standardized report parameter input screen for all reports. At a minimum, report parameter screens will contain the following: parameter form title, report form ID, report name, report level (facility, operations office, headquarters), report frequency (as required, daily, weekly, monthly, bimonthly, quarterly, semi-annual, annual), report destination (print or file), number of copies, receiving RIS, print report button, abort report button, preview report flag, print report now flag, report page format selection criteria (plain, summary flag), and printer selection parameters (output to, left margin, right margin, printer driver setup flag).

- RPTFMT1 - The NMMSS shall use a standard report format for all reports.

- RPTFMT2 - The NMMSS shall begin each report with a standard cover page.

- RPTFMT3 - The NMMSS shall, for each internal page, follow a standard header and footer format.

- RPTFMT4 - The NMMSS shall end each report with a standard end of report page.

- RPTFMT5 - The NMMSS shall indicate blank report no data found in the body of NMMSS reports where a report finds no data for the specified input parameters.

- RPTFMT6 - No report produced by the NMMSS shall alter the data from which it was produced.

- RPTFMT7 - The NMMSS shall not allow information to be retrieved from the database for a report, for a query, or for a transaction while any of the requested information is in the process of being updated.

- RPTFMT10 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a page that lists query parameters used to generate report

- SEC11 - The NMMSS shall, for each page of any NMMSS report, meet the security requirements for the marking of classified and unclassified documents.