Provides an end-user interface for the data maintenance of MBR line category information.

**Use Case(s)**

1. UC1.1 - The Nuclear Materials Analyst maintains the Authority Reference static data by adding, updating, and/or deleting data records.

**System Requirement(s)**

AUSCR33 - The NMMSS users shall have the capability to manually enter, edit and search for MBR line category information. The following information will be included for MBR line categories: internal MBR line number, internal material applicability, corresponding 742 line #, data restrict code, transaction data restrict code, receipt/removal code, MBR line title, abbreviated title and other RIS applicability.

- AUBSN 1 - Alpha Code assigned to the facility.

- AUBSN117 - NMMSS internal line number that corresponds to the MBR, DOE/NRC Form 742C category.

- AUBSN118 - Code denoting the material applicability of the MBR Category with respect to category descriptions.  1 = all materials, except 89; 2 = all materials including 89; 3= material 89 only

- AUBSN119 - The DOE/NRC 742, MBR category line number corresponding to the assigned internal MBR number.

- AUBSN120 - Code identifying the applicability of the line number for MBR data: 0 = not applicable; 1 = applicable for all materials except 89; 2 = applicable for all data; 9 = material 89 only

- AUBSN121 - Code identifying the applicability of the line number for Transaction data: 0 = not applicable; 1 = applicable for all materials except 89; 2 = applicable for all data; 9 = material 89 only

- AUBSN122 - Code distinguishing this code as a receipt or removal: R = receipt; S = removal

- AUBSN123 - Free text description of the MBR DOE/NRC Form 742

