This function produces a formatted report of nuclear material inventory at the project level. This report uses a tails assay of 0.250% U-235 for computation of uranium feed and separative work values.

**Use Case(s)**

- UC4.1 - The Nuclear Material Analyst executes a Transaction Processing report.

**System Requirement(s)**

- INVPR016 - All inventory reports will indicate if data is reported or generated

- INVRPT44 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a materials management inventory by project-programmatic RIS with U-235 at .200%, .250%, or .300% tails report (I-101A, I-101 B, and I-101C) that will display nuclear material inventory at the project level. Inventory quantities and values within each RIS will be reports by inventory category and material type. The report will show feed and separative work and dollar values. A summary showing totals for each generic material type will also be included.

- ITSCR15 - The NMMSS shall provide a consistent user interface.

- RPTFMT1 - The NMMSS shall use a standard report format for all reports.

- RPTFMT2 - The NMMSS shall begin each report with a standard cover page.

- RPTFMT3 - The NMMSS shall, for each internal page, follow a standard header and footer format.

- RPTFMT4 - The NMMSS shall end each report with a standard end of report page.

- RPTFMT5 - The NMMSS shall indicate blank report no data found in the body of NMMSS reports where a report finds no data for the specified input parameters.

- RPTFMT6 - No report produced by the NMMSS shall alter the data from which it was produced.

- RPTFMT7 - The NMMSS shall not allow information to be retrieved from the database for a report, for a query, or for a transaction while any of the requested information is in the process of being updated.

- RPTFMTl0 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a page that lists query parameters used to generate report

- SEC11 - The NMMSS shall, for each page of any NMMSS report, meet the security requirements for the marking of classified and unclassified documents.