This design is for the Nuclear Materials Management and Safeguards System (NMMSS) Upgrade Project. The project scope is to replace the existing NMMSS FoxPro based computer system with current technology.

All existing functional requirements shall be maintained, except those explicitly modified by the scope of this project and by all approved Change Requests. The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) and the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) jointly sponsor the operation and maintenance the Nuclear Materials Management and Safeguards System (NMMSS). The NMMSS is currently operated on a FoxPro 2.5 for DOS database platform on a client-server architecture. FoxPro for DOS was designed as the first multi-user xbase database management and application development tool. When the current NMMSS was written, FoxPro was the most successful and promising of the products that were being developed and used to replicate legacy systems onto the personal computer. However, since that time, Microsoft has discontinued support of FoxPro for DOS.

Because NMMSS is currently run on an unsupported and somewhat inflexible
software platform, it has been decided to upgrade NMMSS. The NMMSS Upgrade Project will include the re-engineering and enhancement of the NMMSS, i.e., the planning, designing, developing, and testing of computer software on a new platform. The software system will be referred to as the NMMSS Upgrade throughout the development effort. The system will be designed to meet the System Requirements Specification for the NMMSS Upgrade, which will be based on the current functionality of the NMMSS, and to meet the changing needs of the NMMSS user community.

NMMSS contains records of nuclear materials (source nuclear material, special nuclear materials and other nuclear material) supplied and controlled under United States law and related international agreements including U.S. nuclear materials production programs and U.S. private nuclear industrial activities. The NMMSS serves national security and program management interests in the utilization of nuclear resources. In addition, the system also serves international interests in the programs for the peaceful application of nuclear energy and in the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons. The purpose of the NMMSS is to provide quality nuclear data in a timely manner to support U.S. government requirements.

The DOE International Safeguards Division, NN-44, was responsible for Program Management of the NMMSS until November 19, 1999 at which time system ownership and management was changed to the Office of Plutonium, Uranium and Special Materials Inventory (SO-62). At its annual strategic planning meeting in March 1998, the International Safeguards Division, NN-44, outlined its vision for the NMMSS. NN-44’s vision was in recognition that the architecture of the current

NMMSS has remained virtually unchanged since the framework for data collection was developed and implemented over thirty years ago. During this time, the DOE mission has changed from one of weapons production to materials disposition and management of nuclear material resources. As a result of these changes, the tracking and analysis of domestic and international nuclear materials and information has become an increasingly more important component of the DOE mission.

In summary, the major driver for this NMMSS Upgrade is the need to migrate the system off a software platform that is no longer supported by the vendor. A secondary driver is the need to provide for meeting requirements for U.S. agreements with foreign countries for tracking of obligations of nuclear material, while also meeting new data requirements of the current DOE system owner. Additional benefits from this upgrade flow from the movement of the system onto a relational database system and the ability to take advantage of the functionality offered by the new platform.

In its report, “NMMSS Upgrade Software Platform Evaluation Findings Report”, dated August 11, 2003, the Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University recommended that the NMMSS Upgrade be hosted on a Windows Enterprise Server and the SQL Server relational database. This report also recommended that the code be developed in Visual Basic.net. WSRC plans to implement these recommendations in the development of the NMMSS Upgrade.