This function will allow for an end-user interface for the data maintenance of material balance data.

**Use Case(s)**

-  <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/742/" target="_blank">UC7.2</a> - The NMMSS records a reporting entity's inventory status for a specified time period with inventory changes summarized by categories of increases and decreases.

-  <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/743/" target="_blank">UC7.3</a> - The Nuclear Materials Analyst manages an entity's material balance by adding, updating, and/or deleting data records.

**System Requirement(s)**


-  <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/411/" target="_blank">AUSCR33 </a> - The NMMSS users shall have the capability to manually enter, edit and search for MBR line category information. The following information will be included for MBR line categories: internal MBR line number, internal material applicability, corresponding 742 line #, data restrict code, transaction data restrict code, receipt/removal code, MBR line title, abbreviated title and other RIS applicability.


-  <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/453/" target="_blank">ITSCR5 </a> -  Where appropriate, NMMSS screens will provide the ability to traverse database records. The following standard traversal options will be provided: display the next record, display the previous record, display the top record, and display the last record.

-  <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/695/" target="_blank">ITSCR6</a> - Where appropriate, NMMSS screens will provide the ability to locate records. Location of records will be accomplished by selection of a search key (ex: RIS, material type) and the action search text (ex., BXA, 20).

-  <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/696/" target="_blank">ITSCR10 </a> - The NMMSS shall perform field validation checks to ensure that field data types agree.

-  <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/697/" target="_blank">ITSCR11 </a> - If any data field on the NMMSS screen is found to be invalid (as the result of field validation checks), the appropriate error message shall be issued and associated with the corresponding field.

-  <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/698/" target="_blank">ITSCR12</a> - Where possible, NMMSS screens will provide predetermined field data values listing proper choice selection.

-  <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/745/" target="_blank">ITSCR14</a> - For any operation, if an error condition occurs, the NMMSS shall issue an error message that accurately describes the error condition and advises the user on how to proceed.

-  <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/640/" target="_blank">ITSCR15 </a> -The NMMSS shall provide a consistent user interface.


- MBPR0l - The NMMSS shall have the ability to delete a group of material balance records in an open or future Material Balance period

- MBPR02 - The NMMSS shall have the capability of closing material balance error free data based on a given RIS, start date, and end date of report period.

- MBPR04 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to import electronically submitted XML and text Material Balance data into the Material Balance tables. The format directives for electronically submitted XML and text data are contained in the D-23 and D-24.

- MBPR05 - The NMMSS shall have ability to set the run date and the run number for the current run.

- MBPR07 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to identify duplicate Material Balance imports (RIS, report period & material type) records encountered during a processing run and maintain a copy of the duplicate Material Balance import information for reporting purposes.

- MBPR08 - The NMMSS shall maintain an image of imported MBR data files.

- MBPRO10 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to perform the complete process of Material Balance monthly closing. The Material Balance monthly closing process involves moving Material Balance error free records to historical and closing the current monthly period. Include and exclude RIS's and Category of RIS's.

- MBPRO11 - Archived (historical) NMMSS Material Balance shall not be modified, deleted, or discarded by the user.

- MBPRO12 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to identify Material Balance records with errors during a processing run.

- MBPRO13 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to identify error free Material Balance records during a processing run.

- MBPRO14 - The NMMSS shall allow users to exempt field level errors on Material Balance.

- MBPRO15 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to run all edit checks for all reported Material Balance.

- MBPR016 - The NMMSS will no longer convert an asterisk (*) to zero (0). When an asterisk (*) is submitted for element or isotope weight, an error will be assigned to the data.

- MBPR017 - The C process code will replace an A or C record by RIS, Report Period, Material Type and Sequence No.

- MBPR018 - The D process code will delete an A or C record by RIS, Report Period, Material Type and Sequence No.

- MBPR019 - The D process code will delete an A or C record by RIS, Report Period, Material Type and no Sequence No. reported will remove all records that match the RIS, Report Period, Material Type.

- MBPRO20 - The D process code will delete an A or C record by RIS, Report Period, no Material Type and no Sequence No. are reported will remove all records that match the RIS and Report Period.

- MBPR021 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to move Edit Check material balances that are error-free to historical. (SAMS only)

- MBPR025 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to tag error free records to include in the XML export file and move to archive (historical). (SAMS only)

- MBSCR1 - The NMMSS users shall have the capability to enter, view, and copy material balance data.

- MBSCR3 - The NMMSS shall record and account for the following information for a material balances: data type code, RIS, material type, start date, end date, element weight, isotope weight, material balance category, other RIS, inventory change type, entry status, concise note flag, and concise note text.

- SEC47 - The NMMSS shall allow the user to abort a transaction, inventory, or material balance record and discard its input at any time before it is committed to the database.

- SEC50 - The NMMSS shall be capable of processing at least 5,000 material balance records daily.

- TRPR045 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to generate material balance data based on transactions.

- TRPR049 - When generating inventory, obligation inventory and material balances, beginning balances will be pulled from the previous period's ending balance, except from the beginning of the fiscal year when balances are pulled from the converted inventory data file to correctly slot project balances.

- TRPR052 - Action codes R, X, and Y shall not be used in the generation of material balances categories less than 82.


