This function allows the user to view material balance historical data records.

**Use Case(s)**

- UC7.3 - The Nuclear Materials Analyst manages an entity's material balance by adding, updating, and/or deleting data records.

**System Requirement(s)**

- AUSCR33 - The NMMSS users shall have the capability to manually enter, edit and search for MBR line category information. The following information will be included for MBR line categories: internal MBR line number, internal material applicability, corresponding 742 line #, data restrict code, transaction data restrict code, receipt/removal code, MBR line title, abbreviated title and other RIS applicability.

- ITSCR5 - Where appropriate, NMMSS screens will provide the ability to traverse database records. The following standard traversal options will be provided: display the next record, display the previous record, display the top record, and display the last record.

- ITSCR6 - Where appropriate, NMMSS screens will provide the ability to locate records. Location of records will be accomplished by selection of a search key (ex: RIS, material type) and the action search text (ex., BXA, 20).

- ITSCR10 - The NMMSS shall perform field validation checks to ensure that field data types agree

- ITSCR11 - If any data field on the NMMSS screen is found to be invalid (as the result of field validation checks), the appropriate error message shall be issued and associated with the corresponding field.

- ITSCR12 - Where possible, NMMSS screens will provide predetermined field data values listing proper choice selection.

- ITSCR15 - The NMMSS shall provide a consistent user interface.

- MBPR011 - Archived (historical) NMMSS Material Balance shall not be modified, deleted, or discarded by the user.

- MBPR022 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to delete a material balance in the archive (historical) area, move to work area or material balance back to the work area. (SAMS only)

- MBSCR2 - The NMMSS shall have a user interface that allows a NMMSS user the ability to view historical Material Balance records.