This function produces a formatted report containing reported or generated inventory as a beginning balance, transactions by action or process date, and calculate ending balance for specified date range in the style of the DOE/NRC 742. It replaces the Inventory and MBR Data for Individual RIS Report (M-050), the original Material Balance Report (M-742), and the Material Balance Report by Action Date (M-742A).

**Use Case(s)**

- UC7.1 - The Nuclear Material Analyst executes a Material Balance Processing report.

**System Requirement(s)**

- ITSCR15 - The NMMSS shall provide a consistent user interface.

- MBPR06 - All material balance reports will indicate whether it is reported or based on transaction data (generated) in the report title.

- RPTFMT1 - The NMMSS shall use a standard report format for all reports.

- RPTFMT2 - The NMMSS shall begin each report with a standard cover page.

- RPTFMT3 - The NMMSS shall, for each internal page, follow a standard header and footer format.

- RPTFMT4 - The NMMSS shall end each report with a standard end of report page.

- RPTFMT5 - The NMMSS shall indicate blank report no data found in the body of NMMSS reports where a report finds no data for the specified input parameters.

- RPTFMT6 - No report produced by the NMMSS shall alter the data from which it was produced.

- RPTFMT7 - The NMMSS shall not allow information to be retrieved from the database for a report, for a query, or for a transaction while any of the requested information is in the process of being updated.

- RPTFMT10 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a page that lists query parameters used to generate report

- SEC11 - The NMMSS shall, for each page of any NMMSS report, meet the security requirements for the marking of classified and unclassified documents.

- SEC13 - The NMMSS shall generate reports whose classification is based on classification guidance provided by the facility supplying the data.

- SYSPR05 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to determine and assign a classification for an output NMMSS report.