<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/320/" target="_blank">2.7.23 - View Historical INFCIRC-288 Data</a> - This function will allow the end-user to display the historical INFCIRC/288 data.



**Use Case(s)**

- <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/458/" target="_blank">UC8.2</a> - The Nuclear Materials Analyst maintains the IAEA data by adding, updating, and/or deleting data records.


**System Requirement(s)**

- IAEASCR4 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to view historical INFCIRC/288 data. The following information will be included in this interface: shipper RIS, receiver RIS, transfer number, correction number, process code, action code, from action code, number of lines, reporting RIS, concise note indicator, report number, report line, line number, use code, batch name, number of items, material type, composition code, IAEA composition code, referenced by line number, referenced by report, key measurement point, measurement basis, other key measurement point, measurement method, back reference change digit, back reference line number, new line report line, new line report number, original correction line, element weight, isotope weight, and entry status.

- ITSCR5 - Where appropriate, NMMSS screens will provide the ability to traverse database records. The following standard traversal options will be provided: display the next record, display the previous record, display the top record, and display the last record.

- ITSCR6 - Where appropriate, NMMSS screens will provide the ability to locate records. Location of records will be accomplished by selection of a search key (ex: RIS, material type) and the action search text (ex., BXA, 20).

- ITSCR15 - The NMMSS shall provide a consistent user interface.

- IAEABSN13 - Only Use Codes 22 (DE, ED, ND, DN, EN, NE, EE), 71 (DE, ED, ND, DN, EN, NE, EE), 34, 54, 23 (GA), 21(NP), 72 (LN), 73 (LN) & 74 (LD) are reported off an ‘M’ NMMSS transaction (ICR-288)