<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/318/" target="_blank">2.7.21 - Maintain IAEA Excluded Transactions</a> - This function will allow for an end-user interface for the data maintenance of excluded transactions.



**Use Case(s)**

- <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/458/" target="_blank">UC8.2</a> - The Nuclear Materials Analyst maintains the IAEA data by adding, updating, and/or deleting data records.

**System Requirement(s)**

- IAEASCR1 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to view, modify, save, and delete IAEA excluded transaction records. These records are those transactions that will be excluded from the current period and included in another period. The primary screen fields will be: shipper RIS, receiver RIS, transfer number, correction number, action code, action date, include date, change comments, and record type.

- ITSCR5 - Where appropriate, NMMSS screens will provide the ability to traverse database records. The following standard traversal options will be provided: display the next record, display the previous record, display the top record, and display the last record.

- ITSCR6 - Where appropriate, NMMSS screens will provide the ability to locate records. Location of records will be accomplished by selection of a search key (ex: RIS, material type) and the action search text (ex., BXA, 20).

- ITSCR15 - The NMMSS shall provide a consistent user interface.

- IAEAPR03 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to exclude transactions from IAEA processing.