<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/321/" target="_blank">2.7.24 - Generate INFCIRC-288 Material Balance Report (MBR-288) Using ICR-288 and PIL Data</a> - This function produces a formatted report that consists of the material balance activity for a given period of time reported by a selected IAEA facility using PIL-288 and ICR-288 data reported to IAEA.


**Use Case(s)**

- <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/455/" target="_blank">UC8.1</a>  - The Nuclear Material Analyst executes an IAEA report.

**System Requirement(s)**

- <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/807/" target="_blank">IAEARPT16 </a> -  The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a generated INFCIRC/288 Material Balance Report (MBR-288) which will consist of the material balance activity for a given period of time using PIL-288 and ICR-288 data reported to the IAEA. Important items that will be shown on this report are report number, entry number, material balance area (MBA) code, inventory change type code, U.S. Code 10 material type indicators (element and isotope labels), element weight, isotope weight, and entry status.

- ITRPT1 - The NMSS shall provide a standardized report parameter input screen for all reports. At a minimum, report parameter screens will contain the following: parameter form title, report form ID, report name, report level (facility, operations office, headquarters), report frequency (as required, daily, weekly, monthly, bimonthly, quarterly, semi-annual, annual), report destination (print or file), number of copies, receiving RIS, print report button, abort report button, preview report flag, print report now flag, report page format selection criteria (plain, summary flag), and printer selection parameters (output to, left margin, right margin, printer driver setup flag).

- ITSCR15 - The NMMSS shall provide a consistent user interface.

- <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/549/" target="_blank">RPT1</a> - The NMMSS shall have the capability to generate DOE project specific inventory and material balances (allotment). Inventory and material balances will be generated by applying transactions for the current reporting period to the balances generated for the previous reporting period (at a DOE project specific level).

- <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/550/" target="_blank">RPT2</a> - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce an ending inventory comparison report which will compare NMMSS book inventories generated and computed for DOE projects and other categories (privately owned, foreign leased, etc.) and the project inventories reported by the facilities. This report will monitor the accuracy and completeness of information in the inventory and transaction data reported by the facilities to the NMMSS (A-200).

- <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/551/" target="_blank">RPT3</a> - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a project material balance report which will detail material balances, calculated for every material type for each DOE project. The material balance includes: a beginning inventory; a listing of all transactions reported during the period, categorized by type of receipt or removal with project totals; and a calculated ending inventory. In addition, a beginning inventory, project-to-project totals, and an ending inventory will be calculated for the period from the beginning of the fiscal year to the report date. This report will also provide a concise picture of the current material status (A-210).

- <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/552/" target="_blank">RPT4</a> - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a project material balance by programmatic responsibility report that will show a detailed material balance calculated by material type in each DOE project at each facility by programmatic facility responsibility. The material balance will include: a beginning inventory, a listing of all transactions reported during the period categorized by type of receipt or removal, totals by project number within a type of transaction and a calculated ending inventory. In addition, a beginning inventory, project number-to-project number totals by transaction type and an ending inventory will be calculated for the period from the beginning of the fiscal year to the report date (A- 211).

- <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/553/" target="_blank">RPT5</a> - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce an allotment control report which will calculate withdrawals, returns, and transfers of material between DOE programs and/or programmatic operations offices for each material type in each DOE project. Both detailed and summarized transaction information at the project and headquarters divisions levels will be provided for the period covered by the report. In addition, fiscal year-to-date summaries will be provided (A-230, A-230A, and A-230B).

- <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/554/" target="_blank">RPT6</a> - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a financial inventory summary report (FN-001) which will apply unit cost information to the quantitative facility inventory data to arrive at dollar values for inventories of DOE-owned nuclear materials as specified by the DOE. Costs excluding depreciation and total costs will be computed at the detailed data level and then summarized to the facility, financial office, financial balance sheet account, material type, DOE project, and inventory category levels. Actual inventory quantities for each material will also be given.

- <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/555/" target="_blank">RPT7</a> - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce an inventory costing by financial office report (FN-005) which will be based upon the inventory of nuclear materials held by each facility with a financial office. Quantities will be listed by: balance sheet code, RIS financial organization code, material type, and asset type. Other information that will be contained on the report include: project number, composition code, weight percent isotope, cost without depreciation and total costs. Subtotals and totals will be generated for each project number, material type, facility, and balance sheet code. Two separate summary pages will categorize financial office grand totals by; 1) facility and material type and balance sheet codes; and, 2) material type and balance sheet codes.

- <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/443/" target="_blank">SEC11</a> - The NMMSS shall, for each page of any NMMSS report, meet the security requirements for the marking of classified and unclassified documents.

- <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/291/" target="_blank">SEC13</a> - The NMMSS shall generate reports whose classification is based on classification guidance provided by the facility supplying the data.

- <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/292/" target="_blank">SYSPR05</a> - The NMMSS shall have the capability to determine and assign a classification for an output NMMSS report.