<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/325/" target="_blank">2.7.28 - Generate INFCIRC-288 Data</a> - This function will generate INFCIRC/288 data containing transaction activity for the United States facilities selected under safeguards by the IAEA.



**Use Case(s)**

- UC8.3 - 

**System Requirement(s)**

- IAEAPR02 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to generate INFCIRC/288 data which will reflect transaction activity for U.S. facilities selected under safeguards by the IAEA. This program will gather information for facilities who are reporting under interim IAEA selection requirements as well as full IAEA selection requirements. This program will select transactions processed within a specified processing period and calculate the amount of material shipped or received for a RIS.

- IAEAPR03 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to exclude transactions from IAEA processing.

- IAEAPR04 - ICR-288 includes all transactions (Domestic, imports and exports) for attached and selected IAEA facilities.

- IAEAPR06 - ICR-288 Data may be pulled from error free or historical. If report goes out from error free then need to check that transactions have not changed after reporting, if they have changed then this needs to be captured on the next reporting cycle.

- IAEAPR07 - ICR-288 excludes all C and D action codes with no detail lines reported. Also excludes generated data.

- IAEAPR08 - The system will record all transactions that have been reported to the IAEA.

- IAEAPR09 - If the Shipper is the reporting IAEA facility, IAEA action code record A, C, M or M correction will use information from the NMMSS A, C, M or M correction transaction (ICR-288 & ICR-207)

- IAEABSN1 - ICR-207 and ICR-288 data is pulled by action date.

- IAEABSN2 - A 'N' (New) line will be created when it is the first time the item is being reported (ICR-288, ICR-207), using the reported or calculated weights when the original NMMSS transaction is reported on the same report as the 'C' and/or 'D' NMMSS transaction.

- IAEABSN3 - A 'W' (Was) line with zero weights and a 'V' (Should-be) line will be created when it is the first time the item is be in reported (ICR-288, ICR-207) using the reported or calculated weights when the original NMMSS transaction is reported on a prior report and the new line is on a 'C' or 'D' NMMSS transaction.  The 'W' line will reference the report number, the report containing the original NMMSS transaction, and the total number of report lines plus total number of new lines plus one.

- IAEABSN5 - An IAEA record will be created when the reporting IAEA or US facility is the receiver (ICR-288 , ICR-207) with an action code of 'W' when an 'N', 'T', 'U' NMMSS transaction is reported.  Information from the shipper side is required.

- IAEABSN6 - An IAEA record is created with a 'Z' action code when an 'B', 'E' , 'C' or 'D' is reported.  This only applies when the reporting IAEA or US facility is the receiver (ICR-288, ICR-207).

- IAEABSN7 - An IAEA record will be created when the reporting IAEA or US facility is the receiver (ICR-288, ICR-207) with an action code of 'W' and 'Z' and an entry status of 'W' (Was) when a 'C' NMMSS transaction is reported. Information from the line being referenced is used.  The number of items and weight values are negated.

- IAEABSN8 - An IAEA record will be created when the reporting IAEA or US facility is the receiver (ICR-288, ICR-207) with an action code of 'W' and an entry status of 'V' (Should-be) when a 'C' NMMSS transaction is reported.  Information from the line being referenced is used. Weight values come from the NMMSS transaction.

- IAEABSN9 - An IAEA record will be created when the reporting IAEA or US facility is the receiver (ICR-288, ICR-207) with an action code of 'Z' and an entry status of 'V' (Should-be) when a 'C' NMMSS transaction is reported.  Information from the line being referenced is used. If the shipper is an IAEA facility, use information from the NMMSS transaction. Weight values are calculated by adding the Was and Should-be lines on the NMMSS transaction and subtracting weight values from the IAEA line being referenced.

- IAEABSN10 - An IAEA record will be created when the reporting IAEA or US facility is the receiver (ICR-288, ICR-207) with an action code of 'Z' and an entry status of 'W' (Was) when a 'D' NMMSS transaction is reported.  Information from the line being referenced is used.  The number of items and weight values are negated.

- IAEABSN11 - An IAEA record will be created when the reporting IAEA or US facility is the receiver (ICR-288, ICR-207) with an action code of 'Z' and an entry status of 'V' (Should-be) when a 'D' NMMSS transaction is reported.  Use information from the NMMSS transaction. Weight values are calculated by adding the Was and Should-be lines on the NMMSS transaction, and add weight values on the IAEA line being referenced.

- IAEABSN12 - An IAEA record with an 'M' action code , material type 20 and an entry status of 'U' is created when an 'M' NMMSS transaction with no detail lines and an attached concise note is reported (ICR-288).

- IAEABSN14 - ICR-288 Report numbers and line numbers must not be skipped.

- IAEABSN16 - A line with an Entry Status code of 'N' (New) or 'V' (Should-be) can only be referenced by a 'W' (Was) line (ICR-288, ICR 207)

- IAEABSN17 - A line with an Entry Status code of 'W' (Was) can only be referenced by a 'V' (Should-be) line (ICR-288, ICR 207).

- IAEABSN18 - Create an IAEA record with an entry status of 'W' (Was) using information from the 'C' NMMSS transaction. This only applies when the shipper is the IAEA or US facility.  (ICR-288, ICR-207).

- IAEABSN19 - Create an IAEA record with an entry status of 'V' (Should-be) using information from the 'C' NMMSS transaction.  This only applies when the shipper is the IAEA or US facility. (ICR-288, ICR-207)

- IAEABSN20 - A 'W' (Was) or ' V' (Should-be) line must contain the report number and the report line number of the line being referenced (ICR-288, ICR 207).

- IAEABSN23 - IAEA records with an action code of 'A' or 'W' created by a NMMSS transaction with an action code of 'A','B', 'E', 'T', 'S', 'N', 'T' or 'U' will have an entry status of 'M' (ICR-288, ICR-207)

- IAEABSN24 - An IAEA record will be created when the reporting IAEA facility is the receiver (ICR-288) with an action code of 'W' when an 'B', 'E', 'T' or 'S' NMMSS transaction is reported.  Information from the shipper side is required when the shipper is an IAEA facility.

- IAEABSN25 - There can only be one IAEA record per transaction series with a 'W' action when a 'N', 'T', 'U', 'J' or 'S' exists along with an 'B' or 'E' NMMSS transaction (ICR-288, ICR-207).

- IAEABSN26 - An IAEA record will be created when the reporting IAEA or US facility is the receiver (ICR-288, ICR-207) with a 'Z' action code using information from the 'B' or 'E' NMMSS transactions  . Subtract the NMMSS transaction receiver's weight from the NMMSS transaction shipper's weight and report that on the IAEA record.

- IAEABSN27 - 'W' (Was) and 'V' (Should-Be) lines must reference the last report line for the same item currently being processed.