This function produces a formatted report of a random sample of identified selected transfers (A, B, C, D, and E) for a subject facility within a specified time frame.

**Use Case(s)**

- UC2.1 - The Nuclear Material Analyst executes a Transaction Processing report.

**System Requirement(s)**

- ITSCR15 - The NMMSS shall provide a consistent user interface.

- RPTFMT1 - The NMMSS shall use a standard report format for all reports.

- RPTFMT2 - The NMMSS shall begin each report with a standard cover page.

- RPTFMT3 - The NMMSS shall, for each internal page, follow a standard header and footer format.

- RPTFMT4 - The NMMSS shall end each report with a standard end of report page.

- RPTFMT5 - The NMMSS shall indicate blank report no data found in the body of NMMSS reports where a report finds no data for the specified input parameters.

- RPTFMT6 - No report produced by the NMMSS shall alter the data from which it was produced.

- RPTFMT7 - The NMMSS shall not allow information to be retrieved from the database for a report, for a query, or for a transaction while any of the requested information is in the process of being updated.

- RPTFMT10 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a page that lists query parameters used to generate report

- SEC11 - The NMMSS shall, for each page of any NMMSS report, meet the security requirements for the marking of classified and unclassified documents.

- TRRPT58 - The NMMSS shall be able to produce a random sample of transfer documents report (TJ-026, TJ-026B) that will identify selected transfer (A,B,C,D,E’) for a subject facility which occurred within a specified time period. A random sample of these transfers will be provided, and the report will indicate the order in which they were selected. The size of the sample will be determined in a statistically valid manner depending on the total number of transfers for the facility or the size of the sample will be specified by the user. This report will exclude all transfers to the four character holding of discharge areas associated with normal operational or accidental loss or measured discard activity.