<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/158/" target="_blank">2.2.20 - Functional Requirement: Generate Transaction Onsite Gains and Losses Report (TJ-005)</a> - This function produces a formatted report of information on all nontransferable inventory gains and losses.

**Use Case(s)**

- UC2.1 - The Nuclear Material Analyst executes a Transaction Processing report.

**System Requirement(s)**

- ITSCR15 - The NMMSS shall provide a consistent user interface.

- RPTFMT1 - The NMMSS shall use a standard report format for all reports.

- RPTFMT2 - The NMMSS shall begin each report with a standard cover page.

- RPTFMT3 - The NMMSS shall, for each internal page, follow a standard header and footer format.

- RPTFMT4 - The NMMSS shall end each report with a standard end of report page.

- RPTFMT5 - The NMMSS shall indicate blank report no data found in the body of NMMSS reports where a report finds no data for the specified input parameters.

- RPTFMT6 - No report produced by the NMMSS shall alter the data from which it was produced.

- RPTFMT7 - The NMMSS shall not allow information to be retrieved from the database for a report, for a query, or for a transaction while any of the requested information is in the process of being updated.

- RPTFMT10 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a page that lists query parameters used to generate report

- SEC11 - The NMMSS shall, for each page of any NMMSS report, meet the security requirements for the marking of classified and unclassified documents.

- TRRPT20 - The NMMSS shall be able to produce a transaction onsite gains and losses report (TJ-005) which will contain information on all non-transfer inventory gains and losses. The report includes activities from the beginning of the current fiscal year through the end of the requested accounting period. The quantities of material in each transaction are summed for each type of nuclear material and for each type of gain and loss. Transaction for the current month or all transactions for the current fiscal year may be included. These reports, issued semiannually, include the fiscal-year-to-date summaries plus information on each transaction in each of the elapsed six-month intervals of the year. Quantities are summarized at monthly intervals by facility and for each type of gain and loss. Cumulative totals are computed for each six-month period and for the fiscal-year-to-date.