This function will allow for an end-user interface for the data maintenance of transactions, including the header and detail information.

Use Case(s)

- UC2.3 - The Nuclear Materials Analyst manages transactions by viewing, adding, updating, and/or deleting data records.

System Requirement(s)

- SEC47 - The NMMSS shall allow the user to abort a transaction, inventory, or material balance record and discard its input at any time before it is committed to the database.

- SEC48 - The NMMSS shall be capable of processing at least 22,000 transaction records daily.

- SYSPR023 - SAMS will not use run numbers and work dates to process transactions. Anything not in historical will be included in the edit check run.

- TRPR06 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to delete a group of transaction records.

- TRPR09 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to decode transaction edit errors to the legacy NMMSS 1 character marking scheme and place the error code in the correct column for report production.

- TRPRO10 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to identify duplicate transactions encountered during a processing runand maintain a copy of the duplicate transaction for reporting purposes.

- TRPRO11 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to identify transactions with errors during a processing run.

- TRPR012 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to identify error-free transactions during a processing run.

- TRPR016 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to close transactions for a given period. Edit check and compatibility check transactions that are error-free will be moved to historical.

- TRPRO18 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to generate inventory for a given period by applying transactions for the current reporting period to the balances generated for the previous reporting period. Any date, not necessarily at the end of the month.

- TRPRO19 - For A/B transaction without detail lines and obligation lines, the NMMSS shall be able to generate B detail from the A/A side of the transaction except for transactions involving government owned material, V to V, and exports (this task is only performed on field level error free data).

- TRPRO20 - For A/B transactions with 0 lines of detail, the NMMSS shall be able to generate B obligation detail from the A/A obligation side of the transaction (this task is only performed on field level error free data).

- TRPR021 - For Z/D transactions (licensees only), the NMMSS shall be able to generate detail based on the A/C side of the transaction (this task is only performed on field level error free data).

- TRPR023 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to generate a B action code transaction (header, detail, and obligation detail) based on a source A action code transaction when the A transaction is error free (at the field level) and no associated receiver transaction can be identified in the NMMSS database.

- TRPR024 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to back out generated records. In other words, when a reported transaction is entered that replaces a NMMSS generated transaction, a reverse generated transaction will be generated to cancel out the original generated record (to give net values of zero). This will be done for transactions in a different processing period.

- TRPR025 - IF a B or E action code transaction is reported, the NMMSS will check for records associated with these transactions (generated B, reported J, S, N, or U action code transactions) and will back out these transactions.

- TRPR026 - If a J action code transaction is reported, the NMMSS will check for generated records associated with these transactions (generated B action code transaction) and will back out these generated transactions.

- TRPR027 - If a J action code transaction is reported, the NMMSS will back out the reported J if a B or E already has been reported in the same month.

- TRPR028 - For DOD shippers only, if a J action code transaction is reported and no associated A action code transaction exists, the NMMSS will generate an A transaction to support the reported J transaction.

- TRPR029 - If a B or E is reported then NMMSS shall back out N, T, or U transitions if they exist in a prior period.

- TRPRO30 - If an S action code transaction is reported, the NMMSS will check for generated records associated with these transactions (generated B and reported S action code transaction) and will back out these generated transactions.

- TRPR031 - If an S action code transaction is reported, the NMMSS will back out the reported S if a B or E already has been reported in the same month.

- TRPR032 - If an N,T, or U action code transactions are reported, the NMMSS will check for generated records associated with these transactions (generated B action code transaction) and will back out these generated transactions.

- TRPR033 - If a U action code transaction is reported, the NMMSS will back out the reported N or T" already been reported in the same month.

- TRPR034 - If a T action code transaction is reported, the NMMSS will back out the reported N already been reported in the same month.

- TRPR038 - The NMMSS shall identify all newly imported transactions.

- TRPR039 - The NMMSS shall identify all transactions having field level errors as working data.

- TRPRO40 - The NMMSS shall identify transaction data that has no field level errors as compatibility data.

- TRPR043 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to import electronically submitted XML and text transaction data into the transaction tables. The format directives for electronically submitted XML and text data are contained in the D-23 and D-24.

- TRPR044 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to generate inventory data based on transactions.

- TRPR045 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to generate material balance data based on transactions.

- TRPR049 - When generating inventory, obligation inventory and material balances, beginning balances will be pulled from the previous period's ending balance, except from the beginning of the fiscal year when balances are pulled from the converted inventory data file to correctly slot project balances.

- TRPR052 - Action codes R, X, and Y shall not be used in the generation of material balances categories less than 82.

- TRPR054 - Action codes R, X, and Y shall not be used in the generation of inventory.

- TRPR075 - The NMMSS users shall have the ability to assign the date and run number for a processing run. Multiple processing runs usually occur towards the end of the processing month when a period is being closed. The ability to make multiple runs allows for corrected documents to be added to the database in a timely manner.

- TRPR076 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to maintain data receipt logs by date received.

- TRPR081 - The NMMSS user shall not be able to manually modify, or delete archived (historical) NMMSS transactions.

- TRPR084 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to perform preliminary (non-historical) data generation for transactions in the current and future processing period.

- TRPR085 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to perform preliminary (non-historical) building of allotment information based on transaction in the current and future processing period.

- TRPR088 - The NMMSS shall allow the users to change the process date on a transaction to a current or future date to move the transaction to a future period.

- TRPRO90 - The NMMSS shall generate the receiver side of a transaction when the shipper and receiver are paired RIS.

- TRPR091 - The NMMSS shall maintain an image of imported transaction data files.

- TRPR092 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to convert discontinued owner code on a generated or reported transaction to its corresponding active owner code on the back out transaction, or correcting transaction.

- TRPR096 - If an "C" action code transaction is reported, the NMMSS will check for generated records associated with this transaction (generated "C" action code transaction and corresponding Correction ID) and will "back out" that transaction.

- TRPR097 - If an "D" action code transaction is reported, the NMMSS will check for generated records associated with this transaction (generated "D" action code transaction and corresponding Correction ID) and will "back out" that transaction.

- TRPR098 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to run all edit and compatibility checks for current and future accounting periods.

- TRPR099 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to capture and process material type description (record type 8) and miscellaneous description information (record type 9)

- TRPRO1OO - The NMMSS shall identify transactions with the same shipper, receiver, transaction number, correction number, and action code as a duplicate transaction.

- TRPRO101 - The NMMSS will no longer convert an asterisk (*) to zero (0). When an asterisk (*) is submitted for element or isotope weight, an error will be assigned to the data.

- TRPRO102 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to move Edit Check transactions that are error-free to historical. (SAMS only)

- TRPRO103 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to delete transactions in the archived (historical) area, move or copy transactions to the work area. (SAMS only)

- TRPRO106 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to tag error free records to include in the XML export file and move them to archive (historical). (SAMS only)

- TRSCR3 - The NMMSS users shall have the capability to manually enter transactions which have been reported on paper by the NMMSS users.

- TRSCR4 - The NMMSS users shall have the capability to perform on-line modification of transactions already entered or imported for the current and future reporting periods.

- TRSCR5 - The NMMSS shall record and account for the following header information for a transaction and be able to identify how the data was received: shipping RIS, receiving RIS, transaction number, correction number, shipper/receiver processing code, shipper/receiver action code, shipper/receiver license number, number of detail lines, transaction code (TI code), shipped from account of, shipped to account of, transfer authority, action date, capture date, processing period date, processing period close date, concise note flag, concise notes, obligations flag, export or import transfers license number, total gross weight, total volume, and the IAEA UK reportable code.

- TRSCR6 - The NMMSS shall perform the following actions on transactions: traverse records (next, prior, top, bottom, and locate a record), create new records (excluding historical data), modify records (excluding historical data), save record changes (excluding historical data), delete records (excluding historical data), and copy data to a new record.

- TRSCR7 - The NMMSS shall record and account for the following detail information for a transaction: line number, inventory change type, batch name, number of items, project number, composition code (COEI), owner code, production code, country control number (not used as of 10/1/2003), material type, element weight, element limit of error, isotope weight, weight percent isotope (assay), isotope limit of error, key measurement point (KMP), measurement basis, other key measurement point, measurement method, back reference change digit and back reference line number.

- TRSCR19 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to view historical contract transfers.

- TRSCR21 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to capture and process net and gross weight in detail transactions.

- TRSCR22 - The NMMSS shall include "I" action code transactions in the general data population.


