<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/149/" target="_blank">2.2.11 - Functional Requirement: Generate Transaction Data Error Report (TJ-002)</a> - This function produces an error report that identifies each data
discrepancy detected in the initial data input and edit processing stage.

**Use Case(s)**

- UC2.1 - The Nuclear Material Analyst executes a Transaction Processing report.

**System Requirement(s)**

- ITSCR15 - The NMMSS shall provide a consistent user interface.

- RPTFMT1 - The NMMSS shall use a standard report format for all reports. 

- RPTFMT2 - The NMMSS shall begin each report with a standard cover page.

- RPTFMT3 - The NMMSS shall, for each internal page, follow a standard header and footer format.

- RPTFMT4 - The NMMSS shall end each report with a standard end of report page.

- RPTFMT5 - The NMMSS shall indicate blank report no data found in the body of NMMSS reports where a report finds no data for the specified input parameters.

- RPTFMT6 - No report produced by the NMMSS shall alter the data from which it was produced.

- RPTFMT7 - The NMMSS shall not allow information to be retrieved from the database for a report, for a query, or for a transaction while any of the requested information is in the process of being updated.

- RPTFMT10 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a page that lists query parameters used to generate report

- SEC11 - The NMMSS shall, for each page of any NMMSS report, meet the security requirements for the marking of classified and unclassified documents.

- TRRPT6 - The NMMSS shall be able to produce a transaction data error report (TJ-002). The error report identifies each data discrepancy detected in the initial data input and edit processing stage. These transactions will not continue to the database updating process due to the fatal nature of the discrepancy.