<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/157/" target="_blank">2.2.19 - Functional Requirement: Generate Transaction Physical Transfer of Material Report (TJ-004)</a> - This function produces a formatted report of information on transfers of nuclear materials.

**Use Case(s)**

- UC2.1 - The Nuclear Material Analyst executes a Transaction Processing report.

**System Requirement(s)**

- ITSCR15 - The NMMSS shall provide a consistent user interface.

- RPTFMT1 - The NMMSS shall use a standard report format for all reports.

- RPTFMT2 - The NMMSS shall begin each report with a standard cover page.

- RPTFMT3 - The NMMSS shall, for each internal page, follow a standard header and footer format.

- RPTFMT4 - The NMMSS shall end each report with a standard end of report page.

- RPTFMT5 - The NMMSS shall indicate blank report no data found in the body of NMMSS reports where a report finds no data for the specified input parameters.

- RPTFMT6 - No report produced by the NMMSS shall alter the data from which it was produced.

- RPTFMT7 - The NMMSS shall not allow information to be retrieved from the database for a report, for a query, or for a transaction while any of the requested information is in the process of being updated.

- RPTFMT10 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a page that lists query parameters used to generate report

- SEC11 - The NMMSS shall, for each page of any NMMSS report, meet the security requirements for the marking of classified and unclassified documents.

- TRRPT19 - The NMMSS shall be able to produce a transaction physical transfer of material report (TJ-004) which will contain information on transfers of nuclear materials. The report covers activities from the beginning of the current fiscal year through the end of the requested accounting period. The quantities of materials in each shipment or receipt are summed by material type to describe the individual transfers. Transfers for the current month only or all activity for the current fiscal year may be printed, at the option of the recipient. Reports issued for a semiannual period may include the fiscal-year-to-date summaries, plus information on each shipment and receipt reported in each of the elapsed six-month intervals of the year. Quantities are summarized at monthly intervals for the transfer series. Cumulative totals are computed for each six-month period and fiscal-year-to-date for each transfer series.