<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/139/" target="_blank">2.2.1 - Functional Requirement: Track Transaction Obligations</a> - This function will record and account for obligation information for a
transaction.

**Use Case(s)**

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/12/" target="_blank">UC2.2</a> - The NMMSS records the actual shipment/receipt or transfer of nuclear materials between facilities based upon incoming transaction data records.

**System Requirement(s)**

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/13/" target="_blank">SEC47</a> - The NMMSS shall allow the user to abort a transaction, inventory, or material balance record and discard its input at any time before it is committed to the database.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/14/" target="_blank">SEC48</a> - The NMMSS shall be capable of processing at least 22,000 transaction records daily.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/15/" target="_blank">TRPR02</a> - The processing period for all beginning obligation summary import data will be '200309'.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/16/" target="_blank">TRPR046</a> - The NMMSS shall have the ability to generate obligation summary RIS balances based on transactions.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/17/" target="_blank">TRPR047</a> - The NMMSS shall have the ability to generate obligation inventory balances based on transactions.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/18/" target="_blank">TRPR059</a> - For the generation of obligation summary RIS balances, the selection of obligation exchanges (OE) is based on action codes X and Y.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/19/" target="_blank">TRPR060</a> - For the generation of obligation summary RIS balances the selection of obligation removals (OR) is based on action codes R.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/20/" target="_blank">TRPR062</a> - The NMMSS shall be able to generate government notification type I data which is based on imports where the shipper RIS is a valid obligated country. The following information is included on all type I government notifications: transaction country, notification number, US reference, shipping RIS, receiving RIS, transaction number, correction number, action code, action date and process date. If material is obligated to the same country as the transaction, the following additional information will be obtained for the government notification: material category, mass, batch number and chemical form. If the material is obligated to another country, the only additional information associated with the government notification is third party obligation data (note: WR related information is excluded for this case).

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/21/" target="_blank">TRPR063</a> - The NMMSS shall be able to generate government notification type II data which is based on all exports to a country of obligation whether or not the transaction had obligation. The following information is included on all type II government notifications: transaction country, notification number, US reference, shipping RIS, receiving RIS, transaction number, correction number, action code, license number, action date and process date. If material is obligated to the same country as the transaction, the following additional information will be obtained for the government notification: material category, mass, batch number and chemical form. If the material is obligated to another country, the only additional information associated with the government notification is third party obligation data (note: WR related information is excluded for this case).

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/22/" target="_blank">TRPR064</a> - The NMMSS shall be able to generate government notification type III data which is based on imports where the shipper RIS is not in the country of obligation. These records will be generated for the obligated country state that the material has been shipped from a different country. The following information is included on all type III government notifications: transaction country, notification number, US reference, shipping RIS, receiving RIS, transaction number, correction number, action code, action date and process date. If material is obligated to the same country as the transaction, the following additional information will be obtained for the government notification: material category, mass, batch number and chemical form.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/24/" target="_blank">TRPR065</a> - The NMMSS shall be able to generate government notification type IV data which is based on exports where the receiver RIS is not in the country of obligation. These records will be generated for the obligated country state that the material has been received from a different country. The following information is included on all type IV government notifications: transaction country, notification number, US reference, shipping RIS, receiving RIS, transaction number, correction number, action code, license number, action date and process date. If material is obligated to the same country as the transaction, the following additional information will be obtained for the government notification: material category, mass, batch number and chemical form.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/23/" target="_blank">TRPR066</a> - The NMMSS shall be able to generate government notification type V data which is based on international obligation exchanges. The following information is included on all V type  government notifications: transaction country, notification number, US reference, shipping RIS, receiving RIS, transaction number, correction number, action code, action date and process date. If material is obligated to the same country as the transaction, the following additional information will be obtained for the government notification: material category and mass. If the material is obligated to another country, the only additional information associated with the government notification is third party obligation data (note: WR—related information is excluded for this case).

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/25/" target="_blank">TRPR067</a> - The NMMSS shall have the ability to generate a listing of used report numbers for INFCIRC/288/207/2588 reports.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/27/" target="_blank">TRPR089</a> - The NMMSS shall generate detail lines and obligation lines for reported "U", "N" and "T" action code transaction when a reported "B", "E" or "S" has not been reported in the same period.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/28/" target="_blank">TRPR093</a> - The NMMSS shall have the ability to generate a "A" action code transaction (header, detail, and obligation detail) based on a source "B" action code transaction when the "A" transaction is error free (at the field level) and the shipper RIS is DOD.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/29/" target="_blank">TRPR094</a> - The NMMSS shall have the ability to generate a "D" action code transaction (header, detail, and obligation detail) based on a source "C" action code transaction when the "C" transaction is error free (at the field level) and no associated receiver adjustment transaction can be identified in the NMMSS database and it does not involve government owned material.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/30/" target="_blank">TRPR095</a> - The NMMSS shall have the ability to generate a "C" action code transaction (header, detail, and obligation detail) based on a source "D" action code transaction when the "D" transaction is error free (at the field level) and no associated shipper adjustment transaction can be identified in the NMMSS database and it does not involve government owned material.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/31/" target="_blank">TRSCR8</a> - The NMMSS shall record and account for the following obligation information for a transaction: obligation line number, obligation country, obligation material type, obligation element weight and obligation isotope weight.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/32/" target="_blank">TRSCR17</a> - The NMMSS shall record and account for the following RIS total obligated material information: obligated country, RIS, material type, element weight, isotope weight, reconcile category, processing period date, generated record identifier, close date and reconcile date. Note: close date and reconcile date are the only editable fields; all others fields are system generated information.



