<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/187/" target="_blank">2.2.49 - Generate Government Notification Data</a> - This function will generate government notification data.



**Use Case(s)**

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/12/" target="_blank">UC2.2 </a> - The NMMSS records the actual shipment/receipt or transfer of nuclear materials between facilities based upon incoming transaction data records.

**System Requirement(s)**

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/20/" target="_blank">TRPR062 </a> - The NMMSS shall be able to generate government notification type I data which is based on imports where the shipper RIS is a valid obligated country. The following information is included on all type I government notifications: transaction country, notification number, US reference, shipping RIS, receiving RIS, transaction number, correction number, action code, action date and process date. If material is obligated to the same country as the transaction, the following additional information will be obtained for the government notification: material category, mass, batch number and chemical form. If the material is obligated to another country, the only additional information associated with the government notification is third party obligation data (note: WR related information is excluded for this case).

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/21/" target="_blank">TRPR063 </a> - The NMMSS shall be able to generate government notification type II data which is based on all exports to a country of obligation whether or not the transaction had obligation. The following information is included on all type II government notifications: transaction country, notification number, US reference, shipping RIS, receiving RIS, transaction number, correction number, action code, license number, action date and process date. If material is obligated to the same country as the transaction, the following additional information will be obtained for the government notification: material category, mass, batch number and chemical form. If the material is obligated to another country, the only additional information associated with the government notification is third party obligation data (note: WR related information is excluded for this case).

 
<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/22/" target="_blank">TRPR064 </a> - The NMMSS shall be able to generate government notification type III data which is based on imports where the shipper RIS is not in the country of obligation. These records will be generated for the obligated country state that the material has been shipped from a different country. The following information is included on all type III government notifications: transaction country, notification number, US reference, shipping RIS, receiving RIS, transaction number, correction number, action code, action date and process date. If material is obligated to the same country as the transaction, the following additional information will be obtained for the government notification: material category, mass, batch number and chemical form.

 
<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/24/" target="_blank">TRPR065 </a> - The NMMSS shall be able to generate government notification type IV data which is based on exports where the receiver RIS is not in the country of obligation. These records will be generated for the obligated country state that the material has been received from a different country. The following information is included on all type IV government notifications: transaction country, notification number, US reference, shipping RIS, receiving RIS, transaction number, correction number, action code, license number, action date and process date. If material is obligated to the same country as the transaction, the following additional information will be obtained for the government notification: material category, mass, batch number and chemical form.


<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/23/" target="_blank">TRPR066 </a> - The NMMSS shall be able to generate government notification type V data which is based on international obligation exchanges. The following information is included on all type V government notifications: transaction country, notification number, US reference, shipping RIS, receiving RIS, transaction number, correction number, action code, action date and process date. If material is obligated to the same country as the transaction, the following additional information will be obtained for the government notification: material category and mass. If the material is obligated to another country, the only additional information associated with the government notification is third party obligation data (note: WR related information is excluded for this case).

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/673/" target="_blank">IAEABSN31 </a> - Foreign Government Notification 5 will capture import/export activity with action codes X or Y only.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/674/" target="_blank">IAEABSN32 </a> - Foreign Government Notifications 1, 2, 3, and 4 capture action codes A, B, C, D, E, J, N, S, T and U for import/export activity.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/675/" target="_blank">IAEABSN33 </a> - Foreign Government Notifications 1 - 5 will create a unique, sequential number for each Government Notification type (1-5) and each report.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/676/" target="_blank">IAEABSN34 </a> - Foreign Government Notifications will only capture material types 10, 20, 50, 70, 81, 83 and 88.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/677/" target="_blank">IAEABSN35 </a> - Foreign Government Notifications data is pulled by process month.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/678/" target="_blank">IAEABSN36 </a> - Foreign Government Notifications will be created from historical data only.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/681/" target="_blank">IAEABSN37 </a> -  Foreign Government Notifications will capture both reported and generated transactions and will show only the US side of each transaction (A, C, X action code for exports, B, D, E, J, N, S, T, U, Y for imports).

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/682/" target="_blank">IAEABSN38 </a> -  Foreign Government Notifications will capture the foreign obligations, if any, from the A side of a transaction when a US facility reports a transaction with an action code of N with no obligations.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/683/" target="_blank">IAEABSN39 </a> - The Foreign Government Notifications will convert all layered foreign obligation codes reported on a 741 to the affected country for creation of the appropriate Foreign Government Notifications (91 is converted to create 31 and 33 Foreign Government Notifications).

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/684/" target="_blank">IAEABSN40 </a> -  A Foreign Government Notification is created for imports an exports if either the shipping or receiving country is AU, CA, EU or JA or if the import/export includes foreign obligations equal to valid foreign obligations codes for AU, CA, EU, and JA (plus the layers including these) only. (None are created for Switzerland, Argentina, Brazil, China, Chile and WR).

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/685/" target="_blank">IAEABSN41 </a> -  For Foreign Government Notifications retransfers (3 & 4) do not show imports and exports if it is a direct transfer from a foreign country (1 & 2).

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/686/" target="_blank">IAEABSN42 </a> -  Foreign Government Notifications must be in a delimited file for each recipient country.


