This function produces a formatted report of shipper's adjustments that have not been acknowledged by the receiver and receiver's adjustments that have not been acknowledged by the shipper at the close of a given month's processing cycle. This report is for a specific facility.

**Use Case(s)**

- UC2.1 - The Nuclear Material Analyst executes a Transaction Processing report.

**System Requirement(s)**

- ITSCR15 - The NMMSS shall provide a consistent user interface.

- RPTFMT1 - The NMMSS shall use a standard report format for all reports.

- RPTFMT2 - The NMMSS shall begin each report with a standard cover page.

- RPTFMT3 - The NMMSS shall, for each internal page, follow a standard header and footer format.

- RPTFMT4 - The NMMSS shall end each report with a standard end of report page.

- RPTFMT5 - The NMMSS shall indicate blank report no data found in the body of NMMSS reports where a report finds no data for the specified input parameters.

- RPTFMT6 - No report produced by the NMMSS shall alter the data from which it was produced.

- RPTFMT7 - The NMMSS shall not allow information to be retrieved from the database for a report, for a query, or for a transaction while any of the requested information is in the process of being updated.

- RPTFMT10 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a page that lists query parameters used to generate report

- SEC11 - The NMMSS shall, for each page of any NMMSS report, meet the security requirements for the marking of classified and unclassified documents.

- TRRPT50 - The NMMSS shall be able to produce a detail of open adjustments by operations office report (TJ-011A, TJ-01 ID) that shows shipper's adjustments that have not been acknowledged by the receiver and receiver's adjustments that have not been acknowledged by the shipper at the close of a given month's processing cycle. The materials and quantities involved in these open adjustments will not be shown in this report. A summary showing the total number of open adjustments by operations office and month processed will be included in the report. A distinction will be made between adjustments that were processed in the current fiscal year and those processed in previous fiscal years.