This function will allow the user to manually enter project transfers that have been reported on paper by the NMMSS reporters, and record and account for the header and detail information for the project transfer.

**Use Case(s)**

1. UC2.3 - The Nuclear Materials Analyst manages transactions by viewing, adding, updating, and/or deleting data records.

**System Requirement(s)**

- SEC47 - The NMMSS shall allow the user to abort a transaction, inventory, or material balance record and discard its input at any time before it is committed to the database.

- SEC48 - The NMMSS shall be capable of processing at least 22,000 transaction records daily.

- TRPRO80 - The NMMSS shall record project transfers within a single RIS.

- TRPR081 - The NMMSS user shall not be able to manually modify, or delete archived (historical) NMMSS transactions.

- TRSCR6 - The NMMSS shall perform the following actions on transactions: traverse records (next, prior, top, bottom, and locate a record), create new records (excluding historical data), modify records (excluding historical data), save record changes (excluding historical data), delete records (excluding historical data), and copy data to a new record.

- TRSCR12 - The NMMSS users shall have the capability to manually enter project transfers which have been reported on paper by the NMMSS reporters.

- TRSCR13 - The NMMSS shall record and account for the following header information for a project transfer (DP-749): shipping RIS, receiving RIS, transaction number, correction number, shipper/receiver processing code, shipper/receiver action code (always P), capture date, processing period date, processing period close date, number of data lines, transfer authority, and actions date.

- TRSCR14 - The NMMSS shall record and account for the following detail information for a project transfer (DP-749): line number, from project number, from composition code, to project number to composition code, material type, element weight, weight percent isotope, and isotope weight.