This function produces a formatted report of all nuclear materials transactions for a facility, including both external transfers and onsite gains and losses, which are presented at the same level of detail at which they are reported to the NMMSS.

**Use Case(s)**

- UC2.1 - The Nuclear Material Analyst executes a Transaction Processing report.

**System Requirement(s)**

- ITSCR15 - The NMMSS shall provide a consistent user interface.

- RPTFMT1 - The NMMSS shall use a standard report format for all reports.

- RPTFMT2 - The NMMSS shall begin each report with a standard cover page.

- RPTFMT3 - The NMMSS shall, for each internal page, follow a standard header and footer format.

- RPTFMT4 - The NMMSS shall end each report with a standard end of report page.

- RPTFMT5 - The NMMSS shall indicate blank report no data found in the body of NMMSS reports where a report finds no data for the specified input parameters.

- RPTFMT6 - No report produced by the NMMSS shall alter the data from which it was produced.

- RPTFMT7 - The NMMSS shall not allow information to be retrieved from the database for a report, for a query, or for a transaction while any of the requested information is in the process of being updated.

- RPTFMT10 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a page that lists query parameters used to generate report

- SEC11 - The NMMSS shall, for each page of any NMMSS report, meet the security requirements for the marking of classified and unclassified documents.

- TRRPT57 - The NMMSS shall be able to produce a transaction activity by action date report (TJ-24) that will include all nuclear materials transactions for a facility, including both external transfers and onsite gains and losses, which are presented at the same level of detail at which they are reported to the NMMSS. Information will be grouped by material type and category of receipt or removal corresponding to the summary lines on form DOE/NRC 742. Both shipper's and receiver's data are printed for material transfers, and shipper-receiver differences are calculated at the transfer level. Material quantities are totaled by shipper and receiver for each transfer, and summary totals are printed at one-month, three-month, six-month, or twelve-month intervals as specified by the requestor.