This function produces a formatted report that groups active project numbers which do not have reported inventory and includes the project number assigned for the upcoming fiscal year.

**Use Case(s)**

**System Requirement(s)**

ITSCR15 - The NMMSS shall provide a consistent user interface.

- RPT21 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce an unused project numbers with fiscal year change information report (T-145-1) that will group active project numbers which do not have reported inventory and includes the project number assigned for the upcoming fiscal year. The report will be grouped by operations office/organizational responsibility. The report will be presented in a format which indicates the project number and title. If the project number will not be carried to the next fiscal year, it will be shown as deactivated. [Note: This report is not regularly used by the NMMSS or distributed to NMMSS customers]

- RPTFMT1 - The NMMSS shall use a standard report format for all reports.

- RPTFMT2 - The NMMSS shall begin each report with a standard cover page.

- RPTFMT3 - The NMMSS shall, for each internal page, follow a standard header and footer format.

- RPTFMT4 - The NMMSS shall end each report with a standard end of report page.

- RPTFMT5 - The NMMSS shall indicate blank report no data found in the body of NMMSS reports where a report finds no data for the specified input parameters.

- RPTFMT6 - No report produced by the NMMSS shall alter the data from which it was produced.

- RPTFMT7 - The NMMSS shall not allow information to be retrieved from the database for a report, for a query, or for a transaction while any of the requested information is in the process of being updated.

- RPTFMT10 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a page that lists query parameters used to generate report

- SEC11 - The NMMSS shall, for each page of any NMMSS report, meet the security requirements for the marking of classified and unclassified documents.