This function produces a formatted report that is based upon the inventory of nuclear materials held by each facility with a financial office.

**Use Case(s)**

**System Requirement(s)**

- ITSCR15 - The NMMSS shall provide a consistent user interface.

- RPTPRO1 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to calculate cost for transaction and inventory record based on RIS, tails, weight percent, material type, ANSI scrap code, and composition code. The procedure will calculate cost for government owned material only. Balance sheet codes will be assigned to all records dependent on RIS, project number, and composition code.

- RPT7 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce an inventory costing by financial office report (FN-005) which will be based upon the inventory of nuclear materials held by each facility with a financial office. Quantities will be listed by: balance sheet code, RIS financial organization code, material type, and asset type. Other information that will be contained on the report include: project number, composition code, weight percent isotope, cost without depreciation and total costs. Subtotals and totals will be generated for each project number, material type, facility, and balance sheet code. Two separate summary pages will categorize financial office grand totals by; 1) facility and material type and balance sheet codes; and, 2) material type and balance sheet codes.

- RPTFMT1 - The NMMSS shall use a standard report format for all reports.

- RPTFMT2 - The NMMSS shall begin each report with a standard cover page.

- RPTFMT3 - The NMMSS shall, for each internal page, follow a standard header and footer format.

- RPTFMT4 - The NMMSS shall end each report with a standard end of report page.

- RPTFMT5 - The NMMSS shall indicate blank report no data found in the body of NMMSS reports where a report finds no data for the specified input parameters.

- RPTFMT6 - No report produced by the NMMSS shall alter the data from which it was produced.

- RPTFMT7 - The NMMSS shall not allow information to be retrieved from the database for a report, for a query, or for a transaction while any of the requested information is in the process of being updated.

- RPTFMT10 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a page that lists query parameters used to generate report

- SEC11 - The NMMSS shall, for each page of any NMMSS report, meet the security requirements for the marking of classified and unclassified documents.