This function produces a formatted report detailing material balances calculated for every material type for each DOE project.

**Use Case(s)**

- UC5.1 - The Nuclear Material Analyst executes a miscellaneous report.

**System Requirement(s)**

- ITSCR15 - The NMMSS shall provide a consistent user interface.

- RPT3 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a project material balance report which will detail material balances, calculated for every material type for each DOE project. The material balance includes: a beginning inventory; a listing of all transactions reported during the period, categorized by type of receipt or removal with project totals; and a calculated ending inventory. In addition, a beginning inventory, project-to-project totals, and an ending inventory will be calculated for the period from the beginning of the fiscal year to the report date. This report will also provide a concise picture of the current material status (A-210).

- RPTFMT1 - The NMMSS shall use a standard report format for all reports.

- RPTFMT2 - The NMMSS shall begin each report with a standard cover page.

- RPTFMT3 - The NMMSS shall, for each internal page, follow a standard header and footer format.

- RPTFMT4 - The NMMSS shall end each report with a standard end of report page.

- RPTFMT5 - The NMMSS shall indicate blank report no data found in the body of NMMSS reports where a report finds no data for the specified input parameters.

- RPTFMT6 - No report produced by the NMMSS shall alter the data from which it was produced.

- RPTFMT7 - The NMMSS shall not allow information to be retrieved from the database for a report, for a query, or for a transaction while any of the requested information is in the process of being updated.

- RPTFMT10 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a page that lists query parameters used to generate report

- SEC11 - The NMMSS shall, for each page of any NMMSS report, meet the security requirements for the marking of classified and unclassified documents.

- SEC13 - The NMMSS shall generate reports whose classification is based on classification guidance provided by the facility supplying the data.

- SYSPR05 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to determine and assign a classification for an output NMMSS report.

