This function produces a formatted report that calculates withdrawals, returns, and transfers of material between DOE programs and/or programmatic operations offices for all projects under the programmatic control of the individual facilities.

**Use Case(s)**

- UC5.1 - The Nuclear Material Analyst executes a miscellaneous report.

**System Requirement(s)**

- ITSCR15 - The NMMSS shall provide a consistent user interface.

- RPT5 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce an allotment control report which will calculate withdrawals, returns, and transfers of material between DOE programs and/or programmatic operations offices for each material type in each DOE project. Both detailed and summarized transaction information at the project and headquarters divisions levels will be provided for the period covered by the report. In addition, fiscal year-to-date summaries will be provided (A-230, A-230A, and A-230B).

- RPTFMT1 - The NMMSS shall use a standard report format for all reports.

- RPTFMT2 - The NMMSS shall begin each report with a standard cover page.

- RPTFMT3 - The NMMSS shall, for each internal page, follow a standard header and footer format.

- RPTFMT4 - The NMMSS shall end each report with a standard end of report page.

- RPTFMT5 - The NMMSS shall indicate blank report no data found in the body of NMMSS reports where a report finds no data for the specified input parameters.

- RPTFMT6 - No report produced by the NMMSS shall alter the data from which it was produced.

- RPTFMT7 - The NMMSS shall not allow information to be retrieved from the database for a report, for a query, or for a transaction while any of the requested information is in the process of being updated.

- RPTFMT10 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a page that lists query parameters used to generate report

- SEC11 - The NMMSS shall, for each page of any NMMSS report, meet the security requirements for the marking of classified and unclassified documents.

- SEC13 - The NMMSS shall generate reports whose classification is based on classification guidance provided by the facility supplying the data.

- SYSPR05 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to determine and assign a classification for an output NMMSS report.