This function produces a log report for internal use only that will compare the D-4A report with the actual output reports that have been generated for a specified batch run. Directory reports will be included.

**Use Case(s)**

- UC6.1 - The Nuclear Material Analyst executes a System report.

**System Requirement(s)**

- ITSCR15 - The NMMSS shall provide a consistent user interface.

- RPTFMT1 - The NMMSS shall use a standard report format for all reports.

- RPTFMT2 - The NMMSS shall begin each report with a standard cover page.

- RPTFMT3 - The NMMSS shall, for each internal page, follow a standard header and footer format.

- RPTFMT4 - The NMMSS shall end each report with a standard end of report page.

- RPTFMT5 - The NMMSS shall indicate blank report no data found in the body of NMMSS reports where a report finds no data for the specified input parameters.

- RPTFMT6 - No report produced by the NMMSS shall alter the data from which it was produced.

- RPTFMT7 - The NMMSS shall not allow information to be retrieved from the database for a report, for a query, or for a transaction while any of the requested information is in the process of being updated.

- RPTFMT10 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a page that lists query parameters used to generate report

- SEC11 - The NMMSS shall, for each page of any NMMSS report, meet the security requirements for the marking of classified and unclassified documents.

- SYSPRO10 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a log report (internal use only) that will compare the D-4A report (a listing that receives reports on what frequency such as daily, monthly, quarterly, etc.) with the actual output reports that have been generated for a specified batch run. Directory report (those beginning with a D-) will not be shown (SYLOGRRPT).