Prints groups of reports that have been automatically scheduled.

**Use Case(s)**

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/785/" target="_blank">UC6.1</a> - The Nuclear Material Analyst executes a System report. 

**System Requirement(s)**

- ITRPT1 - The NMSS shall provide a standardized report parameter input screen for all reports. At a minimum, report parameter screens will contain the following: parameter form title, report form ID, report name, report level (facility, operations office, headquarters), report frequency (as required, daily, weekly, monthly, bimonthly, quarterly, semi-annual, annual), report destination (print or file), number of copies, receiving RIS, print report button, abort report button, preview report flag, print report now flag, report page format selection criteria (plain, summary flag), and printer selection parameters (output to, left margin, right margin, printer driver setup flag).

- ITSCR5 - Where appropriate, NMMSS screens will provide the ability to traverse database records. The following standard traversal options will be provided: display the next record, display the previous record, display the top record, and display the last record.

- ITSCR6 - Where appropriate, NMMSS screens will provide the ability to locate records. Location of records will be accomplished by selection of a search key (ex: RIS, material type) and the action search text (ex., BXA, 20).

- ITSCR10 - The NMMSS shall perform field validation checks to ensure that field data types agree

- ITSCR11 - If any data field on the NMMSS screen is found to be invalid (as the result of field validation checks), the appropriate error message shall be issued and associated with the corresponding field.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/640/" target="_blank">ITSCR15</a> - The NMMSS shall provide a consistent user interface.

- RPT28 - The NMMSS shall be capable of automating the scheduling of periodic reports and distributing (automatically scheduled) periodic reports.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/638/" target="_blank">SEC11</a> - The NMMSS shall, for each page of any NMMSS report, meet the security requirements for the marking of classified and unclassified documents.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/795/" target="_blank">SYSPR03</a> - Reports must be assigned to a batch so that the batch processing of reports can be performed on a scheduled or demand basis.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/796/" target="_blank">SYSPR015</a> - The NMMSS shall have the capability to print groups of reports. An interface will be produced that will allow the user to select reports for printing based on a given criteria. In addition to printing the reports that meet the specified criteria, the system will also generate a log report that shows what was printed.