This function provides an end-user interface to view and search for the foreign government notifications.

**Use Case(s)**

-  <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/10/" target="_blank">UC1.1</a> - The Nuclear Materials Analyst maintains the Authority Reference static data by adding, updating, and/or deleting data records.

**System Requirement(s)**

- AUSCR23 - The NMMSS users shall have the capability to view and search for foreign government notification information. The following information will be included for foreign government notifications: government notification type, government notification country, notification number, reference number, DOE/NRC 741 (transfer series), batch numbers, license number, date of activity, material types, mass, composition codes, and third country obligations.

- ITSCR2 - The NMMSS shall provide a main menu structure by which all functions of the NMMSS may be reached.

- ITSCR5 - Where appropriate, NMMSS screens will provide the ability to traverse database records. The following standard traversal options will be provided: display the next record, display the previous record, display the top record, and display the last record.

- ITSCR6 - Where appropriate, NMMSS screens will provide the ability to locate records. Location of records will be accomplished by selection of a search key (ex: RIS, material type) and the action search text (ex., BXA, 20).

- <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/192/" target="_blank">ITSCR15</a> - The NMMSS shall provide a consistent user interface.