This function produces a formatted report based on shipment transactions involving WR safeguarded material that satisfies the Russian HEU transparency agreement.

**Use Case(s)**

-  <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/190/" target="_blank">UC9.1</a> - The Nuclear Material Analyst executes an International report.

**System Requirement(s)**

- INTRPT13 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a Russian HEU transparency report using obligations. The report will produce output reports based on transactions involving WR safeguarded material that satisfies the Russian HEU transparency agreement.

1. The WR- l -A will be a detailed transaction listing of the receipt transactions for a specific facility.

1. The WR- l -B will be a detailed transaction listing of the shipment transactions for a specific facility.

1. The WR-2 will be a Summary of Activity for a specific facility.

**_Note:_**

1. The input fields for the reports above are: RIS, Start Date, End Date, Include In-place Activity (defaults to F).

1. The reports should be programmed to pulled for any facility, any date range, and for any Obligation Code. The data is currently only pulled from the Historical file.

- <a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/192/" target="_blank">ITSCR15</a> - The NMMSS shall provide a consistent user interface.

- RPTFMT1 - The NMMSS shall use a standard report format for all reports.

- RPTFMT2 - The NMMSS shall begin each report with a standard cover page.

- RPTFMT3 - The NMMSS shall, for each internal page, follow a standard header and footer format.

- RPTFMT4 - The NMMSS shall end each report with a standard end of report page.

- RPTFMT5 - The NMMSS shall indicate blank report no data found in the body of NMMSS reports where a report finds no data for the specified input parameters.

- RPTFMT6 - No report produced by the NMMSS shall alter the data from which it was produced.

- RPTFMT7 - The NMMSS shall not allow information to be retrieved from the database for a report, for a query, or for a transaction while any of the requested information is in the process of being updated.

- RPTFMT10 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a page that lists query parameters used to generate report

- SEC11 - The NMMSS shall, for each page of any NMMSS report, meet the security requirements for the marking of classified and unclassified documents.

- SEC13 - The NMMSS shall generate reports whose classification is based on classification guidance provided by the facility supplying the data.

- SYSPR05 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to determine and assign a classification for an output NMMSS report.