This function will allow the end-user to display the historical inventory records.

- INVSCR2

**Use Case(s)**

- UC4.3 - The Nuclear Materials Analyst manages a reporting entity's inventory by viewing, adding, updating, and/or deleting data records.

**System Requirement(s)**

- INVPRO12 - The facility inventory reconciliation trail for any time period shall be retrievable. This includes any notes, paper trails and information exchanges between the facility and the NMMMS.

- INVPRO15 - Archived (historical) NMMSS inventory shall not be modified, deleted, or discarded by the user.

- INVPRO31 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to delete an inventory in the archived (historical) area, move to work area or copy an inventory back to the work area. (SAMS only)

- INVSCR1 - The NMMSS shall record and account for the following information for a inventory: inventory report date, RIS, material type, composition code, ANSI code, element weight, isotope weight, project number, scrap program code, weight % isotope, owner code, batch ID, number of items, key measurement point, measurement basis, other key measurement point, measurement method, concise note flag, concise note text, sequence number, capture date, location and site MBA.

- INVSCR2 - The NMMSS shall have a user interface that allows a NMMSS user the ability to view historical inventory records.

- ITSCR5 - Where appropriate, NMMSS screens will provide the ability to traverse database records. The following standard traversal options will be provided: display the next record, display the previous record, display the top record, and display the last record.

- ITSCR6 - Where appropriate, NMMSS screens will provide the ability to locate records. Location of records will be accomplished by selection of a search key (ex: RIS, material type) and the action search text (ex., BXA, 20).

- ITSCR10 - The NMMSS shall perform field validation checks to ensure that field data types agree

- ITSCR11 - If any data field on the NMMSS screen is found to be invalid (as the result of field validation checks), the appropriate error message shall be issued and associated with the corresponding field.

- ITSCR12 - Where possible, NMMSS screens will provide predetermined field data values listing proper choice selection.

- ITSCR15 - The NMMSS shall provide a consistent user interface.

- RPTFMT7 - The NMMSS shall not allow information to be retrieved from the database for a report, for a query, or for a transaction while any of the requested information is in the process of being updated.