This function will record and account for information for an inventory record.

**Use Case(s)**

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/688/" target="_blank">UC4.2</a> - The NMMSS records the amount of nuclear material at a specific facility at a specific point in time.

<a href="https://dev.azure.com/Link-Technologies/NMMSS%20Requirements/_workitems/edit/687/" target="_blank">UC4.3</a> - The Nuclear Materials Analyst manages a reporting entity's inventory by viewing, adding, updating and / or deleting data records.

**System Requirement(s)**

- INVPRO1 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to calculate financial cost for government owned material of inventory records based on the material type and COEI

- INVPRO4 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to delete a group of inventory records in open or future periods.

- INVPRO5 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to perform the complete process of inventory monthly closing. The inventory monthly closing process involves flagging inventory error free records as historical and closing the current monthly period. Include and exclude RIS's and Category of RIS's.

- INVPRO7 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to calculate feed based on nuclear materials.

- INVPRO8 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to calculate the separative work based on nuclear materials.

- INVPRO9 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to import electronically submitted XML and text inventory data into the inventory tables. The format directives for electronically submitted XML and text data are contained in the D-23 and D-24.

- INVPRO10 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to set the run date and iteration. The daily run date and iteration should be accessible throughout the NMMSS once that information is set.

- INVPRO18 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to identify duplicate inventory imports (RIS, inventory date, summary material type and sequence number) records encountered during a processing run and maintain a copy of the duplicate inventory import information for reporting purposes.

- INVPR019 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to identify inventory records with errors during a processing run.

- INVPRO20 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to identify error free inventory records during a processing run.

- INVPR022 - The NMMSS shall allow users to exempt field level errors on inventories.

- INVPR023 - The NMMSS shall maintain an image of imported inventory files.

- 1NVPR024 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to run all edit checks for all reported inventories.

- INVPR025 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to convert IAEA, KMP and Measurement Basis codes to NMMSS composition (COEI) codes.

- INVPR026 - The NMMSS will no longer convert an asterisk (*) to zero (0). When an asterisk (*) is submitted for element or isotope weight, an error will be assigned to the data.

- INVPRO30 - The NMMSS shall have the capability to move Edit Check inventories that are error-free to historical. (SAMS only)

- INVPR033 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to tag error-free records to include in the XML export file and move to archive (historical). (SAMS only)

- INVSCR1 - The NMMSS shall record and account for the following information for a inventory: inventory report date, RIS, material type, composition code, ANSI code, element weight, isotope weight, project number, scrap program code, weight % isotope, owner code, batch ID, number of items, key measurement point, measurement basis, other key measurement point, measurement method, concise note flag, concise note text, sequence number, capture date, location and site MBA.

- SEC47 - The NMMSS shall allow the user to abort a transaction, inventory, or material balance record and discard its input at any time before it is committed to the database.

- SEC49 - The NMMSS shall be capable of processing at least 300,000 inventory records daily.

- TRPR049 - When generating inventory, obligation inventory and material balances, beginning balances will be pulled from the previous period's ending balance, except from the beginning of the fiscal year when balances are pulled from the converted inventory data file to correctly slot project balances.