This function produces a formatted report of the inventories of nuclear material held by facilities including the inventory detail information as reported. This report will also include financial information for each inventory item for a facility. Balance sheet code, dollar values without depreciation, and total dollar costs will be supplied based on current cost designations.

**Use Case(s)**

- UC4.1 - The Nuclear Material Analyst executes a Transaction Processing report.

**System Requirement(s)**

- INVPRO16 - All inventory reports will indicate if data is reported or generated

- INVRPT17 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a composition of ending inventory by facility with cost report (I-027C) which will describe the inventories of nuclear material held by facilities including the inventory detail information as reported. This report will also include financial information for each inventory item for a facility. Balance sheet code, dollar values without depreciation, and total dollar costs will be supplied based on current cost designations.

- ITSCR15 - The NMMSS shall provide a consistent user interface.

- RPTFMT1 - The NMMSS shall use a standard report format for all reports.

- RPTFMT2 - The NMMSS shall begin each report with a standard cover page.

- RPTFMT3 - The NMMSS shall, for each internal page, follow a standard header and footer format.

- RPTFMT4 - The NMMSS shall end each report with a standard end of report page.

- RPTFMT5 - The NMMSS shall indicate blank report no data found in the body of NMMSS reports where a report finds no data for the specified input parameters.

- RPTFMT6 - No report produced by the NMMSS shall alter the data from which it was produced.

- RPTFMT7 - The NMMSS shall not allow information to be retrieved from the database for a report, for a query, or for a transaction while any of the requested information is in the process of being updated.

- RPTFMT10 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a page that lists query parameters used to generate report.

- SEC11 - The NMMSS shall, for each page of any NMMSS report, meet the security requirements for the marking of classified and unclassified documents.