This function produces a formatted report of the complete picture of the project status of all material at a facility. This report uses a tails assay of 0.25% U-235 for computation of uranium feed and separate work values.

**Use Case(s)**

- UC4.1 - The Nuclear Material Analyst executes a Transaction Processing report.

**System Requirement(s)**

- INVPRO16 - All inventory reports will indicate if data is reported or generated • INVRPT43 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a materials management inventory by RIS-project-COEI with U-235 at .200%, .250% or .300% tails report (I-100A, I-100B, and I-100C) that will display a complete picture of the project status of all material at a facility. This report shall show feed, separative work, and dollar values. For each DOE project, inventory quantities and dollar values by inventory category and material type will be displayed. Total inventory in each project will also be listed. A summary showing total material at the facility by generic material type will be provided.

- ITSCR15 - The NMMSS shall provide a consistent user interface.

- RPTFMT1 - The NMMSS shall use a standard report format for all reports.

- RPTFMT2 - The NMMSS shall begin each report with a standard cover page.

- RPTFMT3 - The NMMSS shall, for each internal page, follow a standard header and footer format.

- RPTFMT4 - The NMMSS shall end each report with a standard end of report page.

- RPTFMT5 - The NMMSS shall indicate blank report no data found in the body of NMMSS reports where a report finds no data for the specified input parameters.

- RPTFMT6 - No report produced by the NMMSS shall alter the data from which it was produced.

- RPTFMT7 - The NMMSS shall not allow information to be retrieved from the database for a report, for a query, or for a transaction while any of the requested information is in the process of being updated.

- RPTFMT10 - The NMMSS shall have the ability to produce a page that lists query parameters used to generate report

- SEC11 - The NMMSS shall, for each page of any NMMSS report, meet the security requirements for the marking of classified and unclassified documents.